# Working group meeting 20200902

## Attendees

- Geoffrey Biggs
- Arne Nordmann
- Jeffrey Johnson
- Paolo Barattini
- Philipp Robbel

## Action items review

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros-safety/safety_working_group/projects/1)

- Geoff to set up a GitHub organisation for the safety working group's repositories.
  - Done: https://github.com/ros-safety
- Geoff to set up a task board
  - Done: https://github.com/ros-safety/safety_working_group/projects/1
- Geoff to organise moving the requirements playground repository into GitHub.
  - Done: https://github.com/ros-safety/requirements-playground
- Geoff to organise a space for the contracts library at GitHub.
  - Done: https://github.com/ros-safety/contracts_lite

## Requirements work progress review

- The code [has been released](https://gitlab.com/ternaris/trice).
- Still summer holidays so this work is delayed until that is over. Then @robbell will be able to talk to Tenaris and move this forward.

## Software watchdogs progress review

- Tests are still outstanding. Contributions are welcome.
  - Use of `launch_testing` is probably a good idea.
  - ROS 2 has some helper stuff floating around somewhere to help with checking the output of complex tests for correctness.

## Contracts library

- Repositories have been moved to GitHub.
- Next step is to add CI and linters.

## Action items

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues)
