# Working group meeting 20201118

## Attendees

- Geoffrey Biggs
- Philipp Robbel
- Jeffrey Kane Johnson

## Action items review

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros-safety/safety_working_group/projects/1)


## Requirements work progress review

- No recent communication with Tenaris due to all parties being busy with other work.
- Currently at the defining work flows.


## Software watchdogs progress review

- No changes since last meeting.
- Last PR to go in was the dockerisation PR.
- Apart from tests, the library is generally considered complete.
- Will do a 1.0 release when the tests are done.


## Contracts library

- MRs for Autoware are still in progress, waiting for reviews.


## Report to the ROS 2 TSC

- Will advertise the presentation about watchdogs and contracts.
- Will advertise the requirments training.
- Will ask if any other WGs want to work with us on requirements definition or tooling.


## Other items

- Presentations on requirements are ready to go. Geoff will find a time that attracts some attention via a post on Discourse.


## Action items

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues)
