# Working group meeting 20201007

## Attendees

- Geoffrey Biggs
- Jeffrey Johnson
- Philipp Robbel

## Action items review

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros-safety/safety_working_group/projects/1)


## Requirements work progress review

- No progress on the software side (Doorstop and GitLab)
- Some work has been done specifying requirements for Autoware's ground classifier
  - https://gitlab.com/MaplessAI/AutowareAuto/-/tree/requirement-specification-2
- Initially full requirements derivation from top-level requirements down to software requirements was tried, but this proved to be unmaintainable in an open source project, so just top-level requirements have been done and these will be linked to design documents and implementations.
- Requirements for watchdogs will be written next
- The maintainers of Doorstop are being very responsive
- To move this work forward and get it more widely used, we need to have requirements be necessary at certain quality levels, especially QL1, in REP 2004.
  - To make this argument we need to have evidence that we have a workable approach to managing requirements in an open source project without needing an expensive requirements management tool.
  - We should produce a document of some kind (text document, video tutorial, or similar) showing how we envision requirements being managed using Doorstop and GitHub.
  - We can use the work on requirements for Autoware.Auto as an example of doing requirements in a real open source project.

## Software watchdogs progress review

- No progress since the previous meeting.
- The next goal is to experiment with setting up a containerised deployment so that it can be run shielded from whatever it is watching crashing, and to make it easy to deploy a watchdog.

## Contracts library

- A few updates and fixes in the library.
- The binary is now available for Foxy.
  - ros-foxy-contracts-lite-vendor

## Action items

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues)
