# Working group meeting 20201021

## Attendees

- Geoffrey Biggs
- Arne Nordmann
- Dereck Wonnacott
- Philipp Robbel
- Jeffrey Kane Johnson

## Action items review

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros-safety/safety_working_group/projects/1)


## Requirements work progress review

- No progress since the last meeting.
- An open question is how to handle assumptions in Doorstop.
  Possibly they can be done used by the requirements facilities, although not certain if this allows us to call them assumptions in the workflow.

## Software watchdogs progress review

- Working on dockerising the watchdog, so that the watchdog can be run with greater independence from the process they are watching.
  - cf. hardware watchdogs that run on an independent microprocessor
- Docker allows setting processor affinity, memory limits, etc.
  These features are useful for keeping watchdogs independent and for managing node restarting.
  - The watched nodes don't have to be in a docker container but currently they are.
- Currently this is implemented in a branch.
- A potential extension is to have the watchdog use MicroROS and run on a separate processor.
  - Arne can potentially help out with this, as he is already working on the MicroROS project.

## Contracts library

- A merge request is up for Autoware.Auto to add some contract types.
  - https://gitlab.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.auto/AutowareAuto/-/merge_requests/695
- There is a PR in the contracts library that adds an initial set of requirements.
  - https://github.com/ros-safety/contracts_lite/pull/10


## Other items

- The Safety Working Group is once again represented in the TSC.
  - The working group leader (currently Geoff) attends the TSC to report on our activities.
- Last week, a report was given on the past few months of work and to promote our existing projects.
- In the next TSC meeting, a more detailed report on the requirements work will be given, along with a call to the QA group to work together in some way on it.


## Action items

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues)
