# Working group meeting 20200819

## Attendees

- Geoffrey Biggs


## Action items review

[Open action items](https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues)

- Geoff to set up a GitHub organisation for the safety working group's repositories.
  - Not yet done
- Geoff to organise moving the requirements playground repository into GitHub.
  - Not yet done
- Geoff to organise a space for the contracts library at GitHub.
  - Not yet done

## Requirements work progress review

- Tenaris has shared a new version of Trice but has not yet been reviewed.
- Philipp has looked into the Doorstop API for figuring out which requirements we have locally and using Trice to sync that to GitLab/GitHub.
  - This is doable, but still need to talk to Tenaris to move on to an implementation.


## Software watchdogs progress review

- CI setup is progressing slowly due to the difficulties inherent in how GitHub Actions must be edited and tested.


## Contracts library

- A standalone C++ library has been created.
- A vendor package has been created for that.
- A bloom repository has also been created to produce binary packages.


## Action items

- Geoff to set up a GitHub organisation for the safety working group's repositories.
- Geoff to organise moving the requirements playground repository into GitHub.
- Geoff to organise a space for the contracts library at GitHub.
- Geoff to follow up with the nav2 people about using the watchdogs library.
