# Working group meeting 20200715

## Requirements work update


## Node heartbeats using DDS QoS demonstration



##  Action items

- Geoff will begin putting together a proposal for changes to REP 2004 to identify what we need to make possible before we can make it required by REP 2004.
  - https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues/12
- Geoff to ask Apex.AI if they have any learnings and best practices about design documentation that they can make open for the ROS community to learn from.
  - https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues/13
