# Working group meeting 20200611

## Doorstop missing features

- Mapless have [produced a document](https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues/11) listing the features we need or desire that are missing from Doorstop
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hXsuCAFy-6dasaGrb1zd93DUD9jWSNgfRFBFvsjQU8c/edit
- The first priority is probably closing the workflow loop with GitHub/GitLab.


## OpenFastTrace impressions

- OpenFastTrace is produced by Elektrobit
- Doorstop takes a document-centric approach with requirements in one place, whereas OpenFastTrace allows requirements to live anywhere, even in places like in the source code.
- The Doorstop approach makes things more transparent and easier to maintain (especially regarding managing and understanding the life of a requirement), but there are benefits to the OpenFastTrace approach as well.
- OpenFastTrace is just a tracing tool. You need to do work with the output to produce a readable requirements report from it.
- Rather than investigating other tools and spending time on them, it seems that working on Doorstop to improve it for our needs is a better use of our time. We have enough evidence to make a decision to use Doorstop.


## Other related tools

- https://github.com/smarkets/marge-bot
- https://gitlab.com/ApexAI/grge

## Change in meeting schedule

To avoid a clash with the Manipulation Working Group's monthly meeting, this working group will change it schedule from "every two weeks" to "first and third Thursday of the month". The next meeting will still take place as originally scheduled, but the new schedule will be put in place from the following meeting. Please see the ROS Events Calendar for the schedule of meetings.


##  Action items

- Geoff will begin putting together a proposal for changes to REP 2004 to identify what we need to make possible before we can make it required by REP 2004.
  - https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues/12
- Geoff to ask Apex.AI if they have any learnings and best practices about design documentation that they can make open for the ROS community to learn from.
  - https://github.com/ros2/safety_working_group/issues/13
